Revamping and completing stdlib docs (#176)
arr-ai/arrai: syntax/std-grammar.md

# grammar

> `arrai` features the ability to parse grammar and use that grammar to parse

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`arrai` has the ability to parse a grammar and use that grammar to parse
```

> inputs as part of its standard library. This package provides that functionalities
> and built-in grammars to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
inputs as part of its standard library. This package provides that functionality
and supplies built-in grammars to use.
```

Reviewer: Maybe some indication of what the built in grammars are?

Author: @marcelocantos will be writing this part of the docs, I'm not very familiar either.
